---
creation date: Friday October 28 2022 4:36:05 pm
modification date: Friday October 28 2022 4:36:05 pm
aliases: ['Citations'] 
tags: [readme] 
---
> [!toc]+
> - [[#Installation|Installation]]
> - [[#Third Party Compatibility|Third Party Compatibility]]
> - [[#Citation Plugin Settings|Citation Plugin Settings]]
> 	- [[#Citation Plugin Settings#Template Settings|Template Settings]]
> 	- [[#Citation Plugin Settings#Literature Note Templates|Literature Note Templates]]
> 	- [[#Citation Plugin Settings#Markdown Citation Templates|Markdown Citation Templates]]
> - [[#Getting Started|Getting Started]]

---
# Citations
#rwertz #plugins/core 

---
## Installation
[Plugin Information Link](obsidian://show-plugin?id=obsidian-citation-plugin)
- Install and enable

## Third Party Compatibility
- This plugin is compatible with the [Zotero](Zotero.md) reference manager.

## Citation Plugin Settings
- Citation database format: `BibLaTex`
- Citation database path: `90 Vault Assets/Obsidian.bib` *Or change path to new bib file exported from reference manager*
- Literature note folder: `30 Citation Notes`

### Template Settings 
- Refer to plugin [documentation](http://www.foldl.me/obsidian-citation-plugin/classes/entry.html) for advanced options 

### Literature Note Templates 
- Literature note title template: `cite@{{citekey}}`
- Literature note content template: *Open* [cite@](cite@.md) *to modify template, then copy all and paste into text window.*

### Markdown Citation Templates
*No modifications necessary to defaults.*

## Getting Started
1. Open the [Zotero](Zotero.md) instructions to install and configure the reference manger.
2. Export the citation library to the citation database path specified in the [Citation Plugin Settings](#Citation%20Plugin%20Settings).
3. Open the Citations settings to ensure the citation database path is working properly (look for text readout: `Loaded library with n refernces.`)
4. Use the hotkey `Ctrl+Alt+C` to create a new literature note, select the appropriate reference from the autogenerated list from the citation database. 
5. Go to the Zotero application and select the associate reference, and use the Right Click (or equivalent) to *Create bibliography from item*
6. In the pop-up menu, select *APA 7th Ed*. for the citation style, *Citations* for the output mode, and *Copy to Clipboard* for the output method. Select 🆗 then go back to the Obsidian note to paste the citation into the frontmatter heading and the note alias, which will allow for reference to the note by a standard APA in-text citation. For example, typing `[[(Auster & Mansbach, 2012)]]` will produce a wikilink to the citation note. 
7. Repeat Step 6, only this time select *Bibliography* for the output mode. Paste the bibliography reference into the Quick Cite code block. 
8. Add any relevant information to the important links code block including attachments of source documents (i.e., full-text PDF) or related notes. 
